okay guys I'll be reviewing the Joe
Rocket Honda endurance textile jacket
picked up at nuna for $85 total attacks
so far I've only written with it once
this morning it works well there is a
problem not too big of a problem it is
bigger it fits bigger than what you
would ride with like a summer jacket
I'm sure that's because you have clothes
underneath the main problem with me is
this is a small main problem is the
whites is still big even with the
adjustments that's as far as I can go
with the adjustments it's not too bad
once I have my Under Armour on and a
couple sweaters and that's without the
end insert but uh oh right so get jacket
quality wise it's plenty of number one
thing you'll notice is plenty of pockets
you get two on the chest get two of the
bottom which open up and the zipper is
on the flat as you can notice the zipper
as
remember around its around the zippered
helps seal it off even better
as with most front pockets these it
doesn't extend too much so even with the
cell phone and they cover about who's my
cellphone with its covering you can
somewhat feel it you'll forget about it
as usual but a feeling over enough you
can still feel it it's not too big of a
problem
yeah to our events which are ok as this
jacket is pretty much just for cold
Houston only don't like today it was
cold this morning but coming home it was
rather warm so these are not a useless
if the temperature is above I don't know
55 or so see probably the velcro shut
lip it would be shut same thing get
rigged up there shut if you want it open
open and then there's the say the female
no pro just fold it like that and it
stays open as best as the camp
it's the same thing over here
you have your risk adjustments use your
stationery you can get it pretty small
you have your elbow adjustments we have
three snaps that will squeeze for you
well did you notice I don't have the
armor in right now I was testing it with
my Under Armour this will of course have
my back back plate two elbows through
shoulders see foam the back is not sure
what foam it is it's different I'll show
you a picture of it later see the main
zipper you have a Velcro the front neck
with a nice collar
big zipper
zips up rather nicely doesn't Jam to
that this is it's a pullover flap it's
someone in three spots spell that over
and you have four snaps I would like to
have had a snap right here this thing
said it's audio ready so you can stick
your earplugs through the hole right
here the only thing is and see there
there's the symbol for the headphones
I'm guessing there's there wasn't like a
man you know nothing you put your mp3
player here the only thing is is there's
no hole right here to totally go like
that and then come out I guess you just
leave it have it open just a little bit
for your headphone wires that come out
and then go through there so it sticks
the adapter
- you're making three player so that's
kind of a weird thing that the insert is
not too big nothing special
I'll have to look and see if I can get
thicker insert it's a full one zip piece
and it has one pocket it says that one
piece zip insert
when you're not
and it velcros on the ends at the wrists
so make sure not to just reject it out
insert
don't grow
with this inserted and putting your arm
in it is kind of scrunched up especially
I'm gonna make sure when you're putting
it on undo this or you'll be especially
since I got this as if you have clothes
on or you're under armor it bunches up
and you have to readjust yourself the
only thing I don't like about this is I
would firmly like an option to roll this
up and keep it up of course you know I
don't want matter if you have a backpack
on or something but like I said if you
get caught in a cold morning than a warm
afternoon well this doesn't do too much
but I was better than that for sure I
just like least fold it up
that's not what to do the dads are sins
is pretty much a cold only jacket Honda